My focus in this module was to create a product that could have a potential impact beyond the appreciation of designer’s circles. 
I did not want to create a product that serves as a symbol, or as an impetus towards emotion, but rather something with a 
utilitarian application that could benefit the inhabitants of the smart home in a non-abstract way. By choosing health and 
safety as the overarching theme, it became necessary to deliver on just that.

My first major idea was using LED strips as emergency exit indicators for buildings that may have a difficult layout or may 
not be up to sufficient fire safety standards (e.g. lack of signage). It could help in case smoke develops or the best route
to exit the building may not be apparent. This was inspired by the emergency exit indicators in airplanes. It was difficult
to make this idea connected, however, and I ultimately felt it was not good enough.

After talking to Jon about it, he gave me a nudge in the direction of re-routing my project towards an application involving
dust mite allergies, which I also suffer from. Here, the challenge lay in how it can be possible to extract data from the
environment in an elegant and simple way that could benefit users without them having to the extra mile to make the product 
work. Currently, mildew test kits and dust counters are available commercially, but they require active data gathering on 
the user’s part and are not connected. This gave me the idea to create a device that can count dust passively, and then use
the data gathered to compile information to empower the user by quantifying the changes and quantity of dust in their home
at any given time.

I tried to find if anything like it existed yet, and it did not. What I did not know in that moment was that a dust sensor
for the Arduino did indeed exist. Before Martin told me about this, I thought up an elaborate way of quantifying dust by
measuring tiny changes in static on a pad, and talked to an engineering student at the university to check how feasible this 
would be (Hint: Apparently, it wasn’t!). All of this was a big headache, because the idea seemed too good to pass up. 
Therefore, I was relieved when I was told that there was an Arduino compatible dust sensor waiting for me just a few 
clicks and an order away.

For the concept, there were a few necessary components like an application that interprets the data over the internet
and an LED ring for a live indication of dust levels. There were also a few things I did not decide to focus on but 
may be notable “nice to have” features, like daisy-chaining multiple devices, or using a motion sensor to switch on/off
the somewhat bright LEDs.

The next question was what to do with the data: Here I realized that any further functionality would add unnecessary 
bloat to the project. I tried to come up with concepts of community integration, but each home is different and few
changes in a community will directly impact the dust levels in individual homes. In the end, I decided that the product 
should contain an idea section that could give users inspiration as to how they could most effectively combat their
dust levels, so they can actively impact the data they are now aware of through the upkeep of their homes. A possible
way of integrating the community could have been to rate each method by effectiveness, but I saw this as ultimatel
y non-important, and individual implementations may differ too heavily from one another.

Simplicity was key to the device function: The data needed to be interpretable without much effort. I decided to
present the particle count number but to constrain it to green, yellow and red indicator colours that gives an
intuitive impression of what the levels are like. To find the ideal levels, some additional research in various home 
environments and consultation with health experts would be needed.

As far as the course day to day was concerned, the coding was a great challenge. The introduction to coding seemed very hasty, 
not giving us enough time to fully wrap our head around it. It would have been beneficial here to have a more collaborative
approach with experts, all in one place, which is something that could have enhanced both learning and productivity and improved
the signal to noise ratio.

Overall, I am content with the outcome of the module and what I have created. It was also my first
physical product prototype (the process behind it is outlined in the week 4 recap), so beyond code
and concept it gave me the opportunity to work on the physical side of things, which has revealed a new 
frontier I am eager to further explore.
