Usage scenario:

A user wants to measure the effects a new cleaning schedule has on the dust concentration in their bedroom. 
The user is allergic to dust. The user downloads the application, sets up the device proceeds to pair it with their phone.
The application then starts collecting the data the device is sending. The LED ring glows in a yellow colour, 
showing unsatisfactory dust levels in the room.
The data is sent out periodically, every hour a new data point is gathered 
(this is done so the dust sensor value can be more average, higher update rates for the app may lead to higher fluctuations). 
Over a couple of weeks, the user can observe a downward trend in dust quantity. 
The LED indicator changes to green, reflecting this development. 
This improved situation makes it easier for the user to manage their allergy to dust. 
After several weeks, the user decides that yet another improvement may be needed.
This is where the user can access the information supplied in the app which showcases effective methods to combat dust.
The user opts to change their bedding more regularly based on the information supplied by the application,
leading to a further improvement that can be observed on the application’s timeline.

Expanded usage scenario:

A hotel has been receiving complaints about the dustiness of the rooms. 
The company decides to buy DustAware devices to quantify the dust levels in the rooms, leading to more easily observable results.
The company then re-instructs the cleaning staff on how to combat dust and can then observe if the training has the desired effect. 
Over the next month, dust levels are going down.
The company later decides to add a DustAware device into every room, daisy chaining the devices through the application. 
Now, the dust levels in every hotel room are observable and outliers can be more easily detected for cleaning. 
The cleaning schedule is re-arranged, going from pre-set schedule to one where the rooms are cleaned for dust when the need arises
based on the data gathered. This leads to a more efficient time allocation for cleaners. 
The LED lights on the devices are left on inside the rooms during daylight hours to
give customers ease of mind and act as a differentiator in cleanliness in comparison to other hotel chains.
