This week the focus was on further refining and finalizing the idea. I started developing the application mockup.
The application shows the current dust level status on the home screen. A trend between improving/declining could be indicated 
for dust levels, or an indicator that shows the particles per day/hour (depending on final device polling rate). 
A ring in the application home screen mimics the ring used for the device, indicating green/yellow/red dust levels, 
depending on quantity of dust particles in the air. The next part of the application is the timeline, which can indicate daily, 
monthly or even yearly trends as the device continues to gather dust data over longer periods of time.
A graph then shows the dust quantities according to particles per day. The graph also shows the green/yellow/red indicators,
showing what color both status screen and neopixel ring would indicate over time. This gives users an easily identifiable way to 
see the dust quantity changes over time. For the third screen in the application I thought about an ‘ideas’ section. 
This part of the application contains resources that aim to provide help and inspiration on how users can improve the dust levels
in their room. Because the dust filter is in itself a passive device that solely displays information, the idea section brings about
ways to get active and informed – about cleaning routines, cleaning methods, air filtration, etc.
I also brainstormed further community involvement in the app but it led to murky results that didn’t directly contribute towards 
making the project better. The strength in the project lies in its simplicity, its concise yet useful application.
Adding bulk to force community integration seemed counter-productive because dust levels in different homes vary greatly and are not
connected to each other in any significant way. In the end, it is up to the hygienic practices of the individual households. 
More data would be, of course ‘nice to have’, for statistical purposes, for example, but would not necessarily directly benefit 
the users trying to manage their dust situation.
One application that could work is chaining multiple devices across multiple rooms that all feed data into the application.
This is not happening on the community level, but is rather up to a user and how many devices they may want to daisy-chain.
That way there can not only be an oversight for one room, but for hospitals or hotels dust levels could be observed on a broader scale, 
making it easier to spot outliers and identify overall trends. For the smart home, indicators for master bedroom/children’s bedroom 
could be scenarios where at least the visual makeup of the application could display different devices.
I am trying to make the sensor work next, to get actual readouts and to calibrate the neopixel ring so
the different levels (green/yellow/red) are set at relevant intervals. Then the chassis has to be built, 
application mockup finished and video made. The application mockup currently works with touch screens,
mimicking an actual application for Android tablets or smartphones.
