This week I finalized the project. This included creating the chassis, writing the code, and shooting the pictures/videos.

I opted to use the laser cutter for the chassis mockup. I cut in a grate like structure that made the wood foldable, which made the 
assembly of the chassis less difficult. Wires are used to hold the chassis together, to maintain rigidity in the structure. 
I wanted to keep it simple without having to use nails or lots of glue, as the chassis is supposed to be more of a prototype 
than product complete in fit and finish.

The chassis went through several iterations, with continuing refinements in rigidity and ease of assembly.

The final design has both the Neopixel 24 LED Ring and Dust Sensor at the top of the mockup. 
The overall shape resembles a trapezoid, with enough space to house both Arduino and Breadboard inside.
I left the sides open so I could more easily configure the cables and mount the LED Ring + Dust Sensor and to give people 
a chance to look inside.

I placed several orders for my dust sensor, which all involved waiting for the deliveries to arrive
(to my surprise, the dust sensor did not come bundled with the cables to make it work). Just when
I thought I had all the necessary tools, I was missing a crimp tool for my crimp pins, making crimping 
the wires into the adaptor impossible. This was Thursday, and the Makerspace people told me it was not 
possible to get a crimp tool by Friday. Therefore, I decided to make a mock-up of the effects of the dust 
sensor (with a heavy heart, because I really wanted to make it work). I regard this as a setback, but the 
concept is still sound. I also added the dust sensor code to GitHub which could be applied to the working dust sensor right away.

The code for the mockup has a button that can quickly trigger state changes in the LED. 
This is based on the StateChangeDetection example from Arduino coupled with the Neopixel code for the 24 LED Ring.

For the pictures, to simulate the dust I bought some flour. Our studio is now full of flour. 
At the time of writing this, I am still finalizing the pictures/videos and will record the voice-over soon.

I also refined the design of my application mockup, which is featured in the video.
The design is based on PowerPoint, using action buttons to allow for touch interaction whilst in presentation mode. 
The application is navigated with a tablet.

The reflective blog post is still to be added as this is a recap of Week 4 specifically, showcasing the work done.
